101. DOGE chief Elon Musk called for 60 Minutes producers to be put in prison after their segment about his dismantling of USAID programs: “60 Minutes are the biggest liars in the world! They deserve a long prison sentence.” Maybe he was upset about this truthful line in the segment: “The world’s richest man cut off aid for the world’s poorest people.”

102. Special Envoy Ric Grenell met with and pressured Romania’s foreign minister Emil Hurezeanu to ease travel restrictions on Andrew Tate, who was charged with human trafficking, trafficking of minors, sexual intercourse with a minor, and money laundering. MAGA podcaster Abby Libby: “I voted for an admin that would stop human trafficking at our borders. I voted to get rapists and pedophiles off the streets. Trump's action in freeing the Tate brothers was a stunning betrayal of his mandate.”

103. Denise Cheung, Criminal Division Chief for the US Attorneys Office in DC, resigned after refusing to carry out an unethical order to launch a criminal probe and pursue an asset freeze on a govt contract issued during the Biden Admin. She said there was no legal basis to support the demand: “I have been proud to serve at DOJ and the DC office for over 24 years. During my tenure, which has spanned over many different admins, I have always been guided by the oath I took to support and defend the Constitution.”

104. USDA employees who were reviewing Musk’s brain implant company Neuralink were fired. 20 people in the FDA’s office of neurological and physical medicine devices were terminated, several of whom worked on Neuralink oversight.

105. Michelle King, former acting Commissioner of the Social Security Admin, resigned after she refused to comply with DOGE’s demand that she turn over data on millions of Americans, which included Social Security numbers, work histories, and medical info. King was a non-partisan career civil servant who worked for SSA for decades.

106. After reviewing Social Security data for two days, Musk claimed that over $4.7 trillion was fraudulently paid out to millions of dead people. Republican politicians and MAGA influencers went crazy over his claim. Karoline Leavitt on Fox: “President Trump has directed Elon Musk and the DOGE team to identify fraud at the social security admin. They suspect there are tens of millions of deceased people who are receiving fraudulent social security payments.” The whole thing was a hoax.

107. The first proposed peace plan from the Trump admin was delivered to Zelensky. The plan was described as essentially “the US economic colonization of Ukraine, in legal perpetuity,” and also “implies a burden of reparations that cannot possibly be achieved.” The Trump shakedown guaranteed the US 50% of the revenues generated by the extraction of natural resources in Ukraine. Telegraph: “Trump’s demands would amount to a higher share of Ukrainian GDP than reparations imposed on Germany at the Versailles Treaty.”

108. Tom Homan made a criminal referral to DOJ requesting they arrest AOC: “We’re looking to start taking action on people. AOC wants to say she’s teaching people their constitutional rights. You can call it that, but we all know what she’s really up to.” AOC responded: “This is why you fight these cowards. The moment you stand up to them, they crumble. Homan has nothing. The 4th Amend is clear and I am well within my duties to educate people of their rights. He can threaten me with jail and call names all he wants. He’s got nothing else.”

109. Trump supporter and First Responder John Feal was fuming after funding for medical care and benefits of 9/11 survivors was eliminated by DOGE: “If you really want to save money, stop going golfing every day. If you really want to save money, don’t go to the Super Bowl. Don’t drive your limo around the racetrack. There you go. I just saved the govt a couple billion dollars. Come on. Trump signed our bill in 2019. He turned to me, shook my hand, gave me the sharpie that he signed the bill with, and he said, ‘nobody deserves this more than you. You worked harder than anybody.’ And for him to callously and recklessly allow Musk to do this to us, his words are shallow and meaningless to me now.”

110. Howard Lutnick claimed that they were going to balance the budget this year because Musk was going to find at least $1 trillion in waste, fraud and abuse in entitlements: “Think about it, we have almost $4 trillion of entitlements and no one has looked at it before. You know social security is wrong, you know medicaid and medicare are wrong. So he's going to cut a trillion.” Nothing remotely close to this happened.

111. Trump posted that Zelensky was a dictator: “He refuses to have Elections, is very low in Ukrainian Polls, and the only thing he was good at was playing Biden ‘like a fiddle.’ A Dictator without Elections, Zelensky better move fast or he is not going to have a Country left. Europe has failed to bring Peace, and Zelensky probably wants to keep the ‘gravy train’ going. Zelenskyy has done a terrible job.” Trump also claimed that Zelensky won’t hold elections is because he only has a 4% approval rating. Where did Trump get the 4% number from? That’s what Putin told him in their recent phone call.

112. 10% of the employees at the NIH’s Center for Alzheimer’s and Related Dementias were fired, including its incoming director, a highly regarded scientist credited with important innovations in the field. Andrew Singleton send an email to fellow employees: “This loss will have a profound impact on the work we do to understand and treat disease. The next period will be difficult.” Stanford neurologist Michael Greicius: “CARD has developed infrastructure and a braintrust that’s really unmatched in the world, in terms of its advances in Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s. Weakening CARD will set Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s research back substantially. It’s going to be really hard to recover.”

113. Trump broke his campaign promise on IVF. On the campaign trail last Aug, Trump said: “For people that are using IVF, the govt is going to pay for it or we’re going to mandate your insurance company to pay for it.” But that’s not what happened. When Trump rolled out his much-hyped executive order, it merely called for “policy recommendations” to “aggressively reduce out-of-pocket and health plan costs.” In other words, it did nothing.

114. Sean Duffy cut funding approved by Congress for the high speed rail project between LA and SF. The project employs 14,000 people with strong wages. It has cleared every environmental hurdle and track was already being laid. Of the $13 billion spent, $10.5 billion came from the State of CA and $2.5 billion came from the federal govt.

115. Musk sent an email to all fed employees ordering them to respond with everything they accomplished that week or they will be automatically terminated: “Consistent with President’s instructions, all fed employees will shortly receive an email requesting to understand what they got done last week. Failure to respond will be taken as a resignation.” Employees were ordered to provide “5 bullets of what you accomplished last week.” Sen. Tina Smith: “This is the ultimate dick boss move from Musk - except he isn’t even the boss, he’s just a dick.”

116. Kristi Noem launched a $200 million ad campaign paid by taxpayers to hype herself at ICE arrests. She claimed that Trump wanted it, telling her: “We’re not going to let the media tell this story, because the media will never tell the truth. We’re going to run a marketing campaign to make sure the American people know the truth of what you’re doing. I want you in the ads, and I want your face in the ads. But in the first ad, I want you to thank me.”

117. Pete Hegseth explained why he was firing all of the of top Judge Advocate General lawyers in the military: “We want lawyers who don’t exist to be roadblocks to anything that happens."

118. Stuart Dowell, who covers Poland: “Poland has spent 30 years building its foreign policy around a strong US alliance. Yesterday, that foundation cracked. President Duda flew across the Atlantic for a planned hour-long meeting with Trump. He got 10 minutes. This wasn’t just bad optics. It was a humiliation. Poland has positioned itself as America’s most loyal ally in Europe. But when Trump is reshaping US policy on Ukraine and NATO, Poland was given barely a moment of his time. For years, Poland’s security strategy rested on unquestioning faith in the US alliance. That strategy is being dismantled day by day.” Polish PM Donald Tusk: “This is nothing to laugh at. Let’s be serious, because the situation is getting really serious.”

119. Trump’s new Special Envoy and Putin pal Steve Witkoff blamed Ukraine for Russia’s invasion: "The war didn't need to happen. It was provoked. It doesn't necessarily mean it was provoked by the Russians. There were all kinds of conversations back then about Ukraine joining NATO. That didn't need to happen. It basically became a threat to the Russians."

120. CNN: “The CIA is conducting a formal review to assess any potential damage from an unclassified email sent to the WH that identified officers by first name and last initial of people working undercover. A senior career Treasury official delivered a memo warning Scott Bessent that granting a 25-year-old with Musk’s DOGE access to the govt’s ultra-sensitive payments system risked exposing highly classified CIA payments that flow through it. Access granted to individuals without training or experience in the systems gave foreign intelligence services the potential to see who is receiving funds, in what amounts, and for what purposes. This especially endangers undercover agents and assets in foreign countries.”

121. The US voted with Russia and a handful of Russian-allied countries against a resolution in the UN that condemned Russian aggression and demanded that that they withdraw from territory it occupies in Ukraine. The resolution passed easily with 93 countries voting for it. Trump was asked if he could explain his rationale for the US voting against the UN Resolution with Russia: “I would rather not explain it now, I think it is self-evident I think.” John Bolton: “That vote in the UN was a clear marker. We are on the path out of NATO. Trump has already done enormous damage to the NATO alliance.”

122. Chancellor-elect Friedrick Merz complained about Musk and Vance’s attempt to influence the German election by openly supporting the far-right AfD party: "The interventions from Washington were no less dramatic and drastic and ultimately outrageous than the interventions we have seen from Moscow. We are under such massive pressure from two sides that my absolute priority now really is to create unity in Europe."

123. Right-wing podcaster Dan Bongino was appointed to serve as Kash Patel’s Dep. Director of the FBI despite zero qualifications. Former senior FBI official Christopher O’Leary: “This is beyond problematic. Any hope that Kash could be steered by having experienced leaders around him is out the window. We now have two conspiracy theorists and election deniers running our premier law enforcement and intelligence agency.”

124. Trump announced he will be selling US citizenship for $5 million: “We’re going to be selling a Trump Gold Card. We going to put a price on that card of $5 million. It’s going to give you Green Card privileges plus. It’s going to be a route to citizenship and wealthy people will be coming into our country.” He was then asked if a Russian oligarch could buy the card: “Yeah, possibly. I know some Russian oligarchs that are very nice people. I think they can afford $5 million.”

125. Karoline Leavitt notified reporters that she will decide who will attend briefings from now on: “For decades a group of DC based journalists, the WH Correspondents’ Assn, has long dictated which journalists get to ask questions of the president in these most intimate spaces. Not anymore.” Jacqui Heinrich, WH Correspondent for Fox: “This move does not give the power back to the people - it gives power to the WH. The WHCA is democratically elected by the full-time WH press corps.”

126. Trump’s DC US Attorney nominee Ed Martin said that DOJ should act as Trump’s personal law firm to go after his enemies: “As President Trump’s lawyers, we are proud to fight to protect his leadership as our president and we are vigilant in standing against entities like AP that refuse to put America first.”

127. Sen. Tammy Duckworth: “Trump's VA fired an additional 1,400 workers—on top of the over 1,000 fired earlier this month. There are no ‘non-critical’ VA positions when it comes to ensuring Veterans receive the care they've earned. Another betrayal. Another middle-finger. Another promise broken.”

128. A shady crew of right-wing social media influencers/notorious liars were invited to the WH to receive special binders from Pam Bondi that were supposed to contain the Jeffrey Epstein files. But the whole thing was a sick farce, as only a small amount of things that had already been publicly released were put in a binder so they could hold them up for a photo op.

129. Romania lifted the travel restrictions on Andrew Tate to allow him to fly to the US. He arrived in FL on a private jet. Tate has a huge US right-wing social media following and is a big Trump supporter. It was later revealed that Trump’s son Barron is a fan. Trump’s lawyer Alina Habba said she was “a big fan” of his. Tate was charged with human trafficking, sexual abuse, and money laundering - allegedly trafficking girls and women from multiple countries to himself, his brother and friends where they were abused and sexually assaulted.

130. Musk on DOGE: “We will make mistakes. We won’t be perfect. For example, with USAID, one of the things we accidentally canceled very briefly was Ebola prevention. But we reversed it.” Jeremy Konyndyk said Musk lied: “I’ve actually led Ebola outbreak response at USAID. This is bunk from Elon. They have laid off most of the experts, they’re bankrupting most of the partner orgs, have withdrawn from WHO, and muzzled CDC. What’s left is a fig-leaf effort to cover their asses politically.” NYT reported that Musk did NOT reinstate Ebola prevention.

131. RFK Jr was asked about the measles outbreak in Texas among an anti-vaccine community that resulted in at least 120 cases and one death: “It is not unusual, we have measles outbreaks every year.” He also claimed that the most of the hospitalizations were because of a quarantine, not because of serious cases. Local health officials said that was also a lie. The outbreak would later spread to other states and get significantly worse while he refused to recommend vaccination.

132. AP obtained the full list of 875 contracts to be cut from the VA’s budget by Musk, including one that supports disability ratings assessments; a contract to answer 24,000 requests for military records to help veterans with proving their toxic exposure and other conditions were connected to their time in service; the engineering needed to integrate VHA, DOD, VA and other agency datasets to assist with medical histories; calibrating radiation detection equipment, and many more.

133. Trump and Vance put on the most disgraceful display in the WH of any US president meeting with the leader of a foreign ally, publicly berating Zelensky. It was clear their intent was to create a confrontation to justify pulling aid from Ukraine, and it was Vance’s job to be the instigator: “I think it’s disrespectful for you to come to the Oval Office to try to litigate this in front of the American media. Right now, you guys are going around and forcing conscripts to the front lines because you have manpower problems, you should be thanking the president for trying to bring an end to his conflict. You have no men left in your country.” Zelensky responded: “Come to Ukraine and see.”

134. International Pride Orchestra says it was “disinvited” from presenting a summer Pride Celebration Concert at the Kennedy Center the same day Trump fired the board and took it over. Trump posted that day on Truth Social: “NO MORE DRAG SHOWS, OR OTHER ANTI-AMERICAN PROPAGANDA.” Orchestra Director Roest: “We were heartbroken when we learned that our concert would no longer be welcome at the Kennedy Center.” Orchestra Conductor Christine Brandes: “Sadly, this is not surprising, but is in itself profoundly un-American and therefore disheartening.”

135. Meteorologist Matt Lanza: “NOAA, the parent agency of the National Weather Service, indiscriminately fired a number of employees. This makes the country less safe. Full stop. I am gravely concerned about tools breaking that are critical to observations, analysis, and forecasts as we head into severe weather and hurricane seasons. This will degrade forecasts in all areas. The NWS provides an outsized benefit to rural, more conservative communities compared to larger cities.”

136. CNBC reported that another benefit of Trump’s Gold Card proposal (for people to buy US citizenship for $5 million) is that wealthy foreigners are also going to get a big tax break as part of the deal. It grants a tax loophole that will not be available to American citizens. US citizens must pay income tax on their US earnings as well as any income they earn overseas, including in their home country. But purchasers of the Trump Gold Card would not be subject to taxes on their overseas income.

MARCH 2025

137. DC US Attorney Ed Martin announced he was investigating a fake conspiracy from a foreign right-wing account that claimed Anthony Blinken, Victoria Nuland, Susan Rice, and Alex Vindman met with Zelensky right before his meeting with Trump and told him to reject his deal. He claimed it violated the Logan Act. Martin: “Concerning. No one is above the law.” Martin later dropped it after learning it was a hoax.

138. Secretary of Agriculture Brooke Rollins told Fox that the solution to high egg prices is for people to raise chickens in their backyards: “The silver lining in all of this is how do all of us - we’ve got chickens in our back yard - how to we solve something like this? People are looking around and saying, ‘How can I get a chicken in my back yard?’ It’s awesome!”

139. Trump on Truth Social: “My Executive Order on Digital Assets directed the Presidential Working Group to move forward on a Crypto Strategic Reserve that includes XRP, SOL, and ADA. I will make sure the US is the Crypto Capital of the World. And, obviously, BTC and ETH, as other valuable Cryptocurrencies, will be the heart of the Reserve. I also love Bitcoin and Ethereum!” One crypto commentator on X: “In 20 years of investing, this is the most corrupt thing I’ve ever seen in financial markets. The President is deliberately pumping crypto coins, of which he owns huge amounts.”

140. Ben Norton on David Sacks: “Jaw-dropping corruption: Trump's billionaire crypto czar is heavily invested in a fund whose top 5 holdings are the 5 in the proposed US govt Crypto Strategic Reserve. Mere hours before Trump announced it, someone bought $200 million in Ethereum & Bitcoin on 50X LEVERAGE. I'll say it again: The blatant corruption and looting in the US today is like what was done to Russia in the 1990s - but this time, the USA is doing it to itself. The US govt was always run on behalf of oligarchs, but now the oligarchs are directly in charge. It's pillage!”

141. Pete Hegseth ordered Cyber Command chief Gen. Timothy Haugh to halt all work on countering cyber threats from Russia, and focus instead on China and Iran. US officials said Russia launched a major ransomware effort right after Trump took office attempting to penetrate US hospitals, infrastructure and municipal networks. One official told CNN that this is “a major blow” to national security because it will make the US more vulnerable to cyberattacks from Russia, which has a formidable cadre of hackers capable of disrupting US critical infrastructure and collecting sensitive intelligence. One insider to Guardian: “Our systems are not going to be protected and our adversaries know this. Russia is winning. Putin is on the inside now.”

142. DOGE canceled a contract for nutritional peanut paste that served as lifesaving assistance for starving kids abroad. It is grown by US farmers and huge amounts of it ready to ship sat in GA warehouses rotting. Former USAID official Atul Gawande told them this will result in “a massive loss of life.” After backlash, Musk announced that the funding was reinstated, except he reinstated funding for the wrong company. Harvard Medical School’s Sasha Gusev: “The beauty of DOGE is that it is self-correcting. For example, someone pointed out to Musk that he was letting food we had already paid for go to waste, Musk called that person an ‘imbecilic propagandist’, and then several hours later reinstated the wrong contract.”

143. RFK Jr’s chief spokesman at HHS Thomas Corry abruptly resigned after just 2 weeks on the job. Corry was reportedly upset with RFK Jr’s lack of response to the measles outbreak in Texas.

144. Canadian PM Justin Trudeau: “Today, the US launched a trade war against Canada: their closest partner and ally - their closest friend. Canadians are reasonable, but we will not back down from a fight. Not when our country is at stake.”

145. JD Vance infuriated our allies again by disparaging the French and UK militaries: “If you want real security guarantees, if you want to actually ensure that Putin does not invade Ukraine again, the very best security guarantee is to give Americans economic upside in the future of Ukraine. That is a way better security guarantee than 20,000 troops from some random country that hasn’t fought a war in 30 or 40 years.” The UK and France just pledged to send 20,000 troops to Ukraine. They also fought with US forces in Iraq and Afghanistan.

146. Trump threatened protesters on college campuses: “All Federal Funding will STOP for any College, School, or University that allows illegal protests. Agitators will be imprisoned/or permanently sent back to the country from which they came. American students will be permanently expelled or, depending on on the crime, arrested.”

147. Right after she was confirmed as Secretary of Ed, Linda McMahon said her “final mission” will be to dismantle the agency: "Send it back to the states. Our job is to respect the will of the American people and the president they elected, who has tasked us with accomplishing the elimination of bureaucratic bloat here at the Dept of Ed - a momentous final mission."

148. Trump reversed his tariffs on Canada and Mexico days after announcing them because the stock market was tanking: “After speaking with President Claudia Sheinbaum of Mexico, I have agreed that Mexico will not be required to pay Tariffs on anything that falls under the USMCA Agreement. This Agreement is until April 2nd. I did this as an accommodation, and out of respect for, President Sheinbaum.” On Canada: “Believe it or not, despite the terrible job he’s done for Canada, I think that Justin Trudeau is using the Tariff problem, which he has largely caused, in order to run again for PM.

149. Honda issued a statement that Trump lied in his speech to Congress about their company building a new plant in Indiana. Trump: “In fact, already, numerous car companies have announced that they will be building massive automobile plants in America, with Honda just announcing a new plant in IN, one of the largest anywhere in the world.” Honda said that plant has been in IN since 2008 and they had no immediately plans to build another one.

150. The Broadway musical “Hamilton” announced they are canceling plans to perform at the Kennedy Center, citing Trump’s hostile takeover of the iconic venue. “Given the recent actions, our show simply cannot, in good conscience, participate and be a part of this new culture that is being imposed on the Kennedy Center. We are not acting against his admin, but against the partisan policies of the Kennedy Center as a result of his recent takeover.”

151. CIA Director John Ratcliffe paused intelligence support to Ukraine. The US military cut Intelligence, Surveillance, Target Acquisition, and Recon flights near Ukraine, while telling allies to not share US shared-intelligence with Ukraine. A Ukrainian official has confirmed that all intelligence support from the US ceased. The Economist: “America cut a key intel link for alerts. Before that, they cut targeting data for HIMARS. Ukraine also isn’t receiving realtime info for long-range strikes.” Source: “Trump wanted a thank you. We will be writing it on graves of dead Ukrainians.’”

152. Mike Johnson was asked on Fox about DOGE firing people who work for the VA’s suicide hotline: “Look, in Elon’s defense, there is no playbook for what he’s doing. So there are gonna be some mishaps and mistakes along the way. But we will do course correction immediately.” Lindsey Graham: “It’s political malpractice not to consult Congress if that’s what you intend to do. Maybe you’ve got a good reason to do it. We don’t need to be reading memos in the paper about a 20% cut at the VA.” Rep. Michael McCaul: “Jeez. I worry because our vets are hurting after Afghanistan; PTSD has gone way up. Suicide rates gone way up, and morale has gone way down. So I worry in the sense that I don’t want that to be a signal that we don’t care about our vets.”

153. Pam Bondi claimed that the release of the full Epstein report is delayed because it has to be redacted “for national security reasons.”

154. US satellite imagery company Maxar cut off Ukraine from receiving its imagery. Kyiv Independent: “Kyiv has relied on high-resolution satellite images for defense and strategic planning, tracking Russian troop movements, assessing battlefield conditions, and monitoring Russian infrastructure. The restriction was imposed under an order from the Trump's admin, with the State Dept prohibiting US companies from providing satellite data to Ukraine.”

155. Fox: “Trump’s plan to house migrants at Guantanamo is facing major hurdles. Since he announced the military would prep 30,000 tents for mass deportations, 256 total illegal migrants have passed through the base. The US military has built only 195 tents but halted in late Feb once they realized the tents did not meet DHS/ICE standards. As of Wed, only 20 migrants were being held at the base.”

156. AL Political Reporter said that DOGE directed GSA to sell the building housing the historic Freedom Rides Museum in Montgomery. The museum was built on the site where Freedom Riders were attacked by white supremacists in 1961, and is owned by the govt.

157. AP reported that Pete Hegseth is erasing some aspects of US military history from DOD, which includes tens of thousands of images and achievements recognizing pioneering firsts by Black soldiers and female service members. The purge even mistakenly flagged photos of WWII Hiroshima bomber Enola Gay, since the algorithm thought it might have something to do with LBGTQ because “Gay” is in the name. Hegseth ordered them removed.

158. The Atlantic reported that issues in the FAA go beyond a shortage of air traffic controllers: “Many jobs with critical safety functions are indeed being sacrificed. Records show that employees classified as eligible for early retirement—and therefore allowed to walk off the job—include aviation-safety techs, quality-assurance specialists, and engineers.”

159. DOJ removed the 3 top officials in the highly sensitive National Security Division, which works with the FBI and other intel agencies to protect the nation from threats. Bloomberg: “The removals reflect the Trump admin’s effort to push out experienced career officials from nonpartisan roles at DOJ, likely paving the way for Trump and his allies to install people in these traditionally nonpartisan positions who align ideologically with the president.” Rep. Jamie Raskin: “This is what Viktor Orban has done in Hungary - clear out the civil service with real expert professionals and people devoted to the public interest and replace them with a bunch of party hacks and sycophants to the dear leader.”

160. Polish PM Donald Tusk responded to Musk insulting his Foreign Minister and combat veteran Radek Sikorski, calling him a ‘small man’: “True leadership means respect for partners and allies. Even for the smaller and weaker ones. Never arrogance. Dear friends, think about it.”

161. Rubio: “After a 6 week review, we are officially cancelling 83% of the programs at USAID.

162. Trump re-ignited his trade war with Canada: “Canada is a Tariff abuser, and always has been, but the US is not going to be subsidizing Canada any longer. We don’t need your Cars, we don’t need your Lumber, we don’t your Energy, and very soon, you will find that out. I will add an ADDITIONAL 25% Tariff, to 50%, on all STEEL and ALUMINUM COMING INTO THE US FROM CANADA, ONE OF THE HIGHEST TARIFFING NATIONS ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD. If other egregious, long time Tariffs are not likewise dropped by Canada, I will substantially increase the Tariffs on Cars coming into the US which will, essentially, permanently shut down the auto manufacturing business in Canada.”

163. Liz Oyer, head of the DOJ office that makes pardon recommendations to the president, said she was fired after refusing to recommend restoration of gun rights to actor Mel Gibson. Gibson lost his gun rights because of his domestic battery conviction in 2011: “He explained to me that Gibson has a personal relationship with Trump and I would be wise to make the recommendation. Unfortunately, experienced professionals throughout DOJ are afraid to voice their opinions because dissent is being punished. Decisions are being made based on relationships and loyalty, not based on facts or expertise or sound analysis, which is very alarming given that what is at stake is our public safety. This is dangerous. This isn’t political - this is a safety issue.”

164. Funding for the Local Food Purchase Assistance Cooperative Agreement Program, which supports food banks, was eliminated with another program that supports local farmers by buying produce to use in healthy school lunches. Statement from USDA spokesperson: “This funding is no longer available and those agreements will be terminated. These programs, created under the former Admin, no longer effectuate the goals of the agency.” MA Gov. Maura Healey: “Trump and Musk have declared that feeding children and supporting local farmers are no longer ‘priorities’.”

165. Education Secretary Linda McMahon announced that her dept is firing 50% of their employees.

166. Trump launched a trade war with the EU on Truth Social: “The EU, one of the most hostile and abusive taxing and tariffing authorities in the World, which was formed for the sole purpose of taking advantage of the US, has just put a nasty 50% Tariff on Whisky. If this Tariff is not removed immediately, the US will shortly place a 200% Tariff on all WINES, CHAMPAGNES, & ALCOHOLIC PRODUCTS COMING OUT OF FRANCE AND OTHER E.U. REPRESENTED COUNTRIES.”

167. NYT reported that after Musk’s DOGE website was busted repeatedly for posting false info on the amount of cuts they were making, he made changes to the site to make it more difficult to fact-check: “Previously when it posted new claims, DOGE had included identifying details about the cuts it took credit for. That allowed the public to fact-check its work by comparing its figures with fed spending databases and talking to the groups whose funding had been cut. This time, it did not include those details. A WH official said that was done for ‘security purposes’. It is now nearly impossible to fact-check many of his claims on the website, after he promised that DOGE was going to be ‘maximally transparent.’”

168. Fox reporter Jennifer Griffin: “GITMO detention plans hit another bump. The Admin’s decision to take migrants to Gitmo appears at best to have been an expensive photo op. All the migrants held at Gitmo have been sent back to the US and plans to send more have been put on hold. There are currently no migrants being held at Gitmo, and no flights scheduled to arrive with more migrants. None of the 195 tents set up to hold migrants have been used because they do not meet ICE standards.”

169. WH Faith Office Director Paula White told OAN that God saved Trump from assassination so he could put Bibles and prayer back in public schools. She said she expects his Admin to challenge existing case law on separation of church and state and take it the Supreme Court: “Our nation was founded on Judeo-Christian beliefs. I know that God saved Trump’s life from an attempted assassination, and that purpose is to restore faith in America.”

170. Trump posted propaganda that tracked word-for-word what Putin claimed the day before: “We had very good and productive discussions with President Putin of Russia yesterday, and there is a very good chance that this horrible, bloody war can finally come to an end — BUT, AT THIS VERY MOMENT, THOUSANDS OF UKRAINIAN TROOPS ARE COMPLETELY SURROUNDED BY THE RUSSIAN MILITARY, AND IN A VERY BAD AND VULNERABLE POSITION. I have strongly requested to President Putin that their lives be spared. This would be a horrible massacre, one not seen since World War II.” Julian Röpcke, Editor of BILD: “You must be kidding me. THIS IS 100% RUSSIAN PROPAGANDA. No Ukrainian troops are surrounded. No lives must be spared. Putin is in no position to do any good.” Ukraine’s General Staff: “Reports of the alleged ‘encirclement’ of Ukrainian units by the enemy in the Kursk region are false and fabricated by the Russians for political manipulation and to exert pressure on Ukraine and its partners.” Former GOP Rep. Mo Brooks: “It’s a good thing we didn’t have this kind leadership back in The Revolutionary War. If we had, we might still be a British colony.”

171. After the Kremlin told the US State Dept that they did not want Special Envoy Keith Kellogg to be involved in peace negotiations with Russia since they deemed him too sympathetic to Ukraine and wanted Steve Witkoff instead, Trump dutifully complied and removed him from his position: “Kellogg has been appointed Special Envoy to Ukraine. General Kellogg, a Highly Respected Military Expert, will deal directly with President Zelensky.”

172. The New Republic: “Trump’s State Dept quietly terminated a contract that was in the process of transferring evidence of Russian abductions of Ukrainian kids to European law enforcement. This contract is highly sensitive. The Yale lab tracking these kids is doing highly sophisticated work. They released an explosive report about 314 kidnapped kids in Dec. The transfer of underlying evidence to Europol has now been interrupted.” Sen. Amy Klobuchar: “The Trump Admin just terminated a contract with a university research team working to find Ukrainian children kidnapped by Russia.”

173. EPA chief Lee Zeldin announced he was rolling back 31 key environmental rules on everything from clean air to clean water and climate change. Zeldin said he is “driving a dagger through the heart of climate-change religion and ushering in America’s Golden Age”. The Guardian reported that one of the former EPA administrators called it “the most disastrous day in EPA history”. William Reilly, EPA chief under George HW Bush said it is a “catastrophe” and “represents the abandonment of a long history” of EPA actions to protect the environment.

174. Voice of America was shut down, with employees showing up to work only to find that they had been locked out their building. All 1,000+ employees were fired. Kari Lake signed an order cancelling all contracts, including Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, Radio Free Asia and the Middle East Broadcasting Networks. VOA Director Michael Abramwitz: ”I am deeply saddened that for the 1st time in 83 years, the storied Voice of America is being silenced. Today’s action will leave Voice of America unable to carry out its vital mission.”

175. El Salvador President Nayib Bukele: “Today, the first 238 members of the Venezuelan criminal organization, Tren de Aragua, arrived in our country. They were immediately transferred to CECOT, the Terrorism Confinement Center, for a period of one year (renewable). The US will pay a very low fee for them, but a high one for us.” We later learned that they were not all gang members.

176. Trump claimed that the pardons Biden issued are not valid, so he can prosecute members of the J6 Committee: “The Pardons’ that Sleepy Joe Biden gave to the Unselect Committee of Political Thugs, and many others, are hereby declared VOID, VACANT, AND OF NO FURTHER FORCE OR EFFECT, because of the fact that they were done by Autopen. Therefore, those on the Unselect Committee should fully understand that they are subject to investigation at the highest level.” Adam Kinzinger: “Trump’s latest threat against me is as real as his ‘perfect’ phone calls and ‘biggest crowds ever.’ More whining, more victimhood, zero follow-through. Either do it or keep crying, fatso. I’m so tired of your victimy whiney belly aching crap. You friggin won and you STILL are complaining all the time. BRING IT YOU SMALL LITTLE BOY.”

177. Nearly 200 senior experts with the National Nuclear Security Admin left the agency as part of Musk’s DOGE cuts. The agency builds reactors for nuclear submarines and manages 3,748 nuclear bombs and warheads. Scott Roecker, VP of the Nuclear Threat Initiative: “This is going to make the job more difficult because what you lost were some of your most valuable leaders. These were very accomplished, very successful, very well-trained people who were performing complex, niche jobs.” Among the departures: 27 engineers, 13 program or project analysts, 12 program or project managers, 6 budget analysts/accountants, and 5 physicists/scientists.

178. Chris Rilling, former NOAA Division Director: “The NOAA Global Monitoring Laboratory on Mauna Loa near Hilo, Hawaii, which has been monitoring CO2 levels for the past 65 years, is set to be shut down. Trumpian reality: If we can't see CO2 levels rising, then it must not be happening.”

179. Two days after Director Lee Zeldin announced he was gutting the EPA, Trump announced he was going to fire up “clean coal” plants: “After years of being held captive by Environmental Extremists, Lunatics, Radicals, and Thugs, allowing other Countries, in particular China, to gain tremendous Economic advantage over us by opening up hundreds of all Coal Fire Power Plants, I am authorizing my Admin to immediately begin producing Energy with BEAUTIFUL, CLEAN COAL.”

180. HUD Secretary Scott Turner and Interior Secretary Doug Burgum jointly announced a plan to open up protected federal land around the country so housing could be constructed: “This will unlock federal lands for the benefit of all Americans.” Burgum also talked about opening up federal lands to mining: “Ukraine, Greenland, our allies around the world, and here at home on our incredible amount of federal land, our gigantic balance sheet that we have here - all of these are areas where we’ve gotta be more strategic in going after critical minerals.”

181. A sworn affidavit filed with Judge Boasberg by DOJ stated that ICE “carefully vetted” each of the migrants who were deported without due process. CBS reported that an ICE official said “many” of them deported as alleged gang members to El Salvador under the Alien Enemies Act did not have any criminal records at all. David Bier, Director of Immigration Issues at the CATO Institute: “Unreal. ICE implies that MOST of the Venezuelans sentenced to hard labor in a brutal Central American prison without charge or trial or so much as a cursory hearing had never been convicted or even charged with ANY CRIME whatsoever, not even a trivial one.”

182. Trump signed an illegal executive order dismantling the Dept of Education, which was created by Congress. Even Fox reported that it must be dissolved by Congress. The order would slash funding for already underfunded schools, likely eliminate Individualized Education Programs for students with disabilities, eliminate programs for students who speak English as a second language, and destroy Pell Grants and fed financial aid for low-income students.

183. RFK Jr. told Fox that cell phones cause cancer: “Cell phones cause electromagnetic radiation which has been shown to do neurological damage to kids who are around them all day - cause cellular damage, and cancer.”

184. NYT reported that Elon Musk was scheduled to receive a briefing at the Pentagon about the US military’s plan for any war that might break out with China. The Times cited multiple sources who came forward because they were concerned that Musk would be receiving that info since he has extensive ties to the Chinese govt with his businesses. Then after the story broke and a firestorm ensued, Trump and others issued a series of denials. Musk angrily posted that he wanted to hunt down the people in the Pentagon who leaked info about his briefing so they can be put in prison: “The NYT is pure propaganda. I look forward to the prosecutions of those at the Pentagon who are leaking maliciously false information to NYT. They will be found.”

185. The Atlantic reporter Jeffrey Goldberg revealed that he was invited to a group Signal chat where the planning was conducted and decisions were made on the first military action taken by the Trump Admin - missile attacks against the Houthis in Yemen: “I knew two hours before the first bombs exploded that the attack might be coming. The reason I knew this is that Pete Hegseth had texted me the war plan at 11:44 AM. The plan included precise info about weapons packages, targets, and timing.”

186. At a House Intel Committee hearing, Rep. Jim Himes asked Tulsi Gabbard why she lied under oath the day before in front of the Senate when she claimed that specific targets or weapons were not mentioned on the chat: “My answer yesterday was based on my recollection, or the lack thereof, on the details that were posted there.” Himes: “So it’s your testimony that less than two weeks ago you were on this chat that had all this info about F-18s, and Reapers, and targets on strike, and you in that two week period forgot that?” Sen. Mark Warner: “What makes it particularly galling is when the DNI self-righteously tweets 12 days ago, ‘Anybody leaks, we’re going to pursue them to the full extent of the law.’ Well, does that apply to the leadership?”

187. Trump announced that he was banishing his NJ US Attorney appointee to Namibia to serve as their US Ambassador so he could make way for his grossly incompetent and unqualified attorney and frequent companion Alina Habba to take over: “It is with great pleasure that I am announcing Alina Habba, who is currently serving as Counselor to the President, and has represented me for a long time, will be our interim US Attorney for the District of NJ, her Home State, effective immediately!” It would not end well.

188. JD Vance went to the US military base in Greenland, where he trashed Denmark and continued to pressure Greenlanders to seek independence to become part of the US: “Denmark has not kept pace in devoting the resources necessary to keep this base, our troops, and to keep the people of Greenland safe from aggressive incursions. We have no other option. We need to take a significant position in Greenland to keep the people here safe and to keep our own country safe.” GOP Rep. Don Bacon: “Let’s stop the stupid Greenland talk. We look dumb all over the world and we sound like Russia. Greenland and Denmark are our allies. Let’s treat our allies with decency and save the bullying for dictators who invade their neighbors.”

189. 7 Republican senators told Jewish Insider that they were disgusted with Vance’s comments on the Signal chat where he said he was against the strike on the Houthis because he didn’t want to do anything that would help Europe. Vance: “7 anonymous quotes from cowardly Republicans.”

190. Kristi Noem had perhaps her most repulsive of many photo ops, as she dropped in to film a video at the concentration camp in El Salvador where the US contracted with their govt to imprison deported migrants. She stood before inmates glammed out and wearing a Rolex in her PR video: “I want to let everyone know, if you come to our country illegally, this is one of the consequences you face. This facility is one of the tools in our tool kit we will use.”

191. AP’s Tara Copp: “Pete Hegseth’s younger brother is serving in a key position inside the Pentagon as a DHS liaison and senior adviser. The high-profile job has meant meetings with a UFC fighting champion, a trip to Guantanamo Bay and traveling on the Pentagon’s 747 aircraft as Hegseth makes his first trip as defense secretary to the Indo-Pacific. Based on Phil Hegseth’s publicly available resume, his past experience includes founding his own podcast production company and working on social media and podcasts at The Hudson Institute.”

192. NYT: “Trevor Milton, just pardoned by Trump for fraud, donated over $2 million to Republicans between Sept and Dec of last year. His largest was $920K to the Trump 47 PAC. He’d never previously made political donations. Milton was convicted in 2022 on 3 counts of fraud and sentenced to 4 years in prison and $169 million in restitution and fines. Prosecutors recommended Milton pay $676M in restitution to the people he defrauded, plus interest. But now with just $2M in campaign contributions, he pays none of it and is a free man.”

193. Trump signed an executive order directing the Smithsonian Institute to make widespread changes to their museums and exhibits. The order targets “divisive narratives” and “improper ideology” that was supposedly promoted by Smithsonian. Trump specifically singled out the National Museum of African American History and Culture, the Women’s History Museum, and the American Art Museum for special scrutiny.

194. Trump signed an executive order ending collective bargaining for employees of the State Dept, DOD, DOJ, HHS, CDC, FCC, and ICE. WH statement: “The President needs a responsive and accountable civil service to protect our national security.” Govt employee unions have “declared war on President Trump’s agenda” by filing lawsuits to “block Trump policies. President Trump refuses to let union obstruction interfere with his efforts to protect Americans and our national interests.” AFGE President Everett Kelly, who represents more than 800,000 employees: “President Trump’s latest executive order is a disgraceful and retaliatory attack on the rights of hundreds of thousands of patriotic American civil servants—nearly one-third of whom are veterans—simply because they are members of a union that stands up to his harmful policies.”

195. Dr. Peter Marks, head of vaccine research at FDA, resigned his position to protest RFK Jr’s statements and policies: “It has become clear that truth and transparency are not desired by the Secretary, but rather he wishes subservient confirmation of his misinformation and lies.” RFK Jr. said he was delivering vitamin A to measles-stricken communities in Texas. But a Texas health official told The Atlantic that no doses of vitamin A ever arrived at the state health dept—not because RFK Jr. broke his promise, but because Texas doctors didn’t want them. Kennedy also said that he believes budesonide, clarithromycin, or cod-liver oil can treat measles, but the health dept didn’t want those either.

196. DOJ suspended the lawyer who admitted in court that they mistakenly deported Kilmar Abrego García to a prison in El Salvador and conceded that he did not know the legal basis for the expulsion. Erez Reuveni worked at DOJ for 15 years and specialized in Immigration cases. Pam Bondi: “At my direction, every DOJ attorney is required to zealously advocate on behalf of the United States. Any attorney who fails to abide by this direction will face consequences.”

197. Politico reported that Cameron Hamilton, the head of FEMA, was given a lie detector test by DHS to determine if he leaked info about a private meeting he had with Kristi Noem and her advisor and long-time rumored special extramarital friend Corey Lewandowski. DHS Spokesperson Tricia McLaughlin: “Under Secretary Noem’s leadership, DHS is unapologetic about its efforts to root out leakers that undermine national security. We are agnostic about your standing, tenure, political appointment or status as a career civil servant - we will track down leakers and prosecute them to the fullest extent of the law.”

APRIL 2025

198. Trump escalated his trade war with China on Truth Social: “If China does not withdraw its 34% increase above their already long term trading abuses by tomorrow, April 8th, 2025, the US will impose ADDITIONAL Tariffs on China of 50%, effective April 9th. Additionally, all talks with China concerning their requested meetings with us will be terminated!”

199. Crypto analyst Molly White: “Trump has directed DOJ to stop pursuing crypto fraud, dismantling the National Cryptocurrency Enforcement Team and ordering the Market Integrity and Major Frauds Unit to cease cryptocurrency enforcement.” Trump and just about every member of his family have individually launched their own crypto scams.

200. Trump signed an executive order directing DOJ to criminally investigate former members of his first admin. Chris Krebs was in charge of cybersecurity and fired by Trump after he said that the 2020 election was “the most secure in American history.” Trump: “We’ll find out whether or not it was a safe election, and if it wasn’t, he’s got a big price to pay.” Sen. Angus King (I-ME): “Chris Krebs’ crime appears to be telling the truth, in saying the 2020 election’s infrastructure was secure - and it was. To take an action like this, which appears to be straight-up vengeance, is dangerous because of the message it sends to anyone in the federal govt that tells the truth that you’ll lose your clearance, be slandered by the President, and investigated.”

