JANUARY 2025

1. Shortly after a man drove a truck into a crowd in New Orleans, Trump latched on to false reports that the perpetrator was a migrant who just drove across the border: “When I said that the criminals coming in are far worse than the criminals we have in our country, that statement was constantly refuted by Democrats and the Fake News Media, but it turned out to be true.” A few hours later, Fox had to debunk Trump: “To be clear, the suspect was born in the US. He served in the Army. He was a veteran. But Trump said ‘criminals coming in’ in his statement, meaning into our country, and that is not accurate.”

2. With as many as 20 Republican Reps lining up to oust Mike Johnson as Speaker on Jan 3, Trump began an intense pressure campaign to get rebels to fall in line at a time many expert observers thought there was no way he could get the votes to keep the gavel. Trump got the Speaker he wanted - the weakest in history who ended any semblance of separation of powers or oversight of the executive branch.

3. JD Vance weighed in on Elon Musk’s OpEd endorsing the German white nationalist Nazi-sympathizing AfD party: “I’m not endorsing a party in the German elections, as it’s not my country and we hope to have good relations with all Germans. But this is an interesting piece. American media slanders AfD as Nazi-lite, but AfD is most popular in the same areas of Germany that were most resistant to the Nazis.”

4. On the day Canadian PM Justin Trudeau resigned, Trump responded by posting that he want to take over Canada: “Many people in Canada LOVE being the 51st state. The US can no longer suffer the massive trade deficits and subsidies that Canada needs to stay afloat. Trudeau knew this, and resigned. If Canada merged with the US, there would be no tariffs, taxes would be way down. Together, what a great nation it would be!!!”

5. Donald Trump, Jr. led a MAGA delegation that included Charlie Kirk to Greenland to try to pressure people there to become part of the US. Elon Musk responded to news about the trip: “The people of Greenland should decide their future and I think they want to be part of America!”

6. Trump on Truth Social: “I am hearing that the people of Greenland are MAGA. Trump posted: “My son Don Jr, and various representatives, will be traveling there to visit some of the most magnificent areas and sights. Greenland is an incredible place and the people will benefit tremendously if and when it becomes part of our nation. We will protect it and cherish it from a vicious outside world.”

7. The following day, Trump gave a press conference to threaten Greenland and Denmark: “People really don’t even know if Denmark has any legal right to it. But if they do, they should he give it up because we need it for national security.” When asked if he could assure the world that he will not resort to using military force to seize Greenland or the Panama Canal, Trump responded: “No. I can’t assure you on either of those two.”

8. Don Jr posted a video from Greenland with Kirk claiming that people there loved Trump and wanted to separate from Denmark: “So many of these young kids coming up and telling us, ‘when we go to Denmark we’re treated like 2nd and 3rd class citizens.’ There seems to be quite a bit of racism in Denmark. From what I saw on the ground, everyone was really into this concept. They loved it. They loved America. They love MAGA. They love Trump.” A Greenland news report: “A portion of people who appear in the video are homeless and socially disadvantaged, who often find themselves outside the Brugsen in Nuuk, which is just across from the Hotel Hans Egede. It was homeless and old people who can’t make ends meet who can suddenly eat at a restaurant they’ve never been to before. All they have to do is put on a cap and be in Trump’s staff’s videos.”

9. Trump blamed the devastating LA wildfires on Gavin Newsom: “He wanted to protect an essentially worthless fish called a smelt, by giving it less water, but didn’t care about the people of CA. Now the ultimate price is being paid. I will demand that this incompetent governor allow beautiful, clean, fresh water to FLOW INTO CALIFORNIA! He is to blame for this. No water for fire hydrants, no firefighting planes. A true disaster!”

10. Trump threatened Comcast with a 1:24 AM post after watching Seth Meyers: “How bad is Seth Meyers on NBC - a network run by truly bad people. I got stuck watching Marble Mouth Myers the other night. Every time I watch this dumb moron I feel an obligation to say how dumb and untalented he is, merely a slot filler for the scum that runs Comcast. These guys should be paying a lot of money for the right to give these ‘in kind’ contributions to Democrats. Comcast should pay a BIG price for this!”

11. Mike Johnson caused an uproar with fellow Republicans when he removed House Intel Chair Mike Turner from his position yesterday. Turner was a harsh critic of Putin and an ardent supporter of Ukraine and Zelensky. Turner confirmed that Trump called Johnson and wanted him ousted. Rep. Jim Himes (D-CT): “Mike Turner is dedicated to national security and thoughtful oversight of the Intel Committee. His removal makes our nation less secure and is a terrible portent for what’s to come. The Constitution demands Congress function as a check on the Executive Branch, not cater to its demands.”

12. Trump’s incoming Border Czar Tom Homan announced that he wants to do DNA testing on migrant children to see if they are really biologically related to their parents: “We know for a fact that some of these families aren’t families. We need to do a deep dive to make sure these families are really families.”

13. The weekend before taking office, Trump launched his biggest scam ever with his crypto grift. Trump’s 80% stake in his new crypto was worth billions after just one day of trading. From a non-partisan account on X that monitors crypto scams: “Trump has dropped what might be the biggest grift in crypto meme coin history: $TRUMP. Days before taking the presidency, he launches a coin with 80% allocated to him, unlocking over the next 3–12 months and throughout his presidency. Does he want the presidency—or just to scam? Buckle up, wild times are here.”

14. Then the day before the inauguration, Melania Trump also issued a cryptocurrency. She posted her ad for it on X and was hit with a Community Note warning that a single unnamed owner (guess who) controls 89% of it, far outside the norms to be considered reliable: “Buying this token is incredibly risky and will like result in the loss of funds.” That turned out to be true, the coin has lost 98% of it’s value since January.

15. Minutes after being sworn in as president, Trump removed Gen. Mark Milley’s official portrait from the hallway of the Pentagon, where it was displayed with all the former Chairs of the Joint Chiefs. The Vengeance and Retribution Tour begins.

16. Trump pardoned or commuted the sentences of all 1,500 J6 defendants - including those who beat up police just days after Vance said that nobody who engaged in violence that day would be pardoned. Brian Sicknick’s brother, Craig: “This is a betrayal of decency. We now have no rule of law. Trump is a poor excuse of a man.” Ofc. Aquillino Gonnell: “It’s a desecration to our service and the sacrifices made to keep everyone safe.” Another current officer: “I just worked about 14 hours making sure Trump’s inauguration was secure and peaceful, got home, read about this. Thanks America.”

17. Trump also commuted the two life sentences being served by dark web Silk Road founder Ross Ulbricht. His site facilitated more global drug transactions than perhaps any other in history. Millions of pills and mountains of fentanyl were bought and sold using his encrypted site. When Trump was seeking the endorsement of the Libertarian Party during the campaign, he promised them he would pardon Ulbricht after a straw poll showed it was an important issue for them.

18. Trump signed an executive order to end birthright citizenship to children born on US soil if their parents are migrants.

19. Trump signed an executive order to abolish the office that monitors AI companies to ensure safe, secure and trustworthy development.

20. Trump signed an executive order to cancel the resettlement in the US of 1,660 Afghans, some of whom are family members of active-duty US service members.

21. Trump signed an executive order to withdraw the US from the World Health Organization.

22. Trump signed several executive orders deregulating the oil and gas industry.

23. Trump signed an executive order renaming Mt. Denali to Mt. McKinley. Both AK GOP senators denounced the move. Lisa Murkowski: “I strongly disagree with the President’s decision on Denali. Our nation’s tallest mountain, which has been called Denali for thousands of years, must continue to be known by the rightful name bestowed by Alaska’s Koyukon Athabascans, who have stewarded the land since time immemorial.” Dan Sullivan: “My view on this is to keep it Denali —that’s what the Athabaskan people named it 10,000 years ago. They’re brave. They’re strong. They’re patriotic.”

24. Trump finally unveiled his promised secret plan to end the war in Ukraine in 24 hours - a Truth Social post: “Settle now, and STOP this ridiculous War! IT’S ONLY GOING TO GET WORSE. If we don’t make a ‘deal,’ and soon, I have no other choice but to put high levels of Taxes, Tariffs, and Sanctions on anything being sold by Russia to the US. We can do it the easy way, or the hard way - and the easy way is always better. It’s time to “MAKE A DEAL.” NO MORE LIVES SHOULD BE LOST!!!” It didn’t work.

25. Trump signed an executive order revoking the Equal Employment Opportunity Act, which was signed by Lyndon Johnson in 1965 and had remained in effect for 60 years. It prohibits discrimination against protected classes in employment by any contractor who does business with the fed govt. At least it did for the last 60 years.

26. Trump signed an executive order banning all new leases for offshore wind turbines.

27. Trump pardoned anti-abortion activists convicted under the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances (FACE) Act, a law that protects doctors, nurses, staff and patients at clinics from violence, threats of violence, intimidation and harassment. 21 people were convicted of crimes under the FACE Act, and 10 were in prison.

28. Trump launched his pressure and intimidation campaign on the independence of the Federal Reserve, demanding that Chair Jerome Powell dramatically lower interest rates immediately: “I think I know interest rates much better than they do. And I think I know certainly much better than the one who's primarily in charge of making that decision.”

29. Trump threatened Bank of America because they refused to do business with convicted J6 defendants: “I hope you start opening your bank to conservatives, because many conservatives complain that the banks are not allowing them to do business with the bank, and that included a place called Bank of America. They don’t take conservative business. And I don’t know if the regulators mandated that because of Biden or what, but I hope you’re going to open your banks to conservatives because what you’re doing is wrong.”

30. Tom Homan defended ICE going after children while they were attending class in schools: “How many MS-13 gang members are aged 14-17? Many of them.”

31. Trump announced that he wanted to remove all 2.2 million people in Gaza to resettle them in other Arab countries: “I’d like Egypt to take people. And I’d like Jordan to take people. You’re talking about a million and half people, and we just clean out that whole thing.” He then ended Biden’s hold on 2,000 pound bombs being shipped to Israel.

32. Trump fired all 17 non-partisan, independent Inspectors General at govt agencies in violation of federal law, which states that Congress must be provided with written notice by the president 30 days before they intend to remove any IG. Hannibal Ware, Chair of the Council of the Inspectors General: “They are appointed, by law, without regard to their political affiliation and, during their tenures, they work effectively across Admins and with Congress, without regard to political party.”

33. Trump fired every DOJ prosecutor who was assigned to work on any of the J6 cases. DOJ Spokesman: “In light of their actions, the Acting AG does not trust these officials to assist in faithfully implementing the President’s agenda. This action is consistent with the mission of ending the weaponization of gov t."

34. Russian state TV mocked Trump’s new Ambassador to the EU: “Andrew Puzder, Trump has known him personally for a long time. But he has no diplomatic experience whatsoever. He spent his whole life developing fast food in the US. Puzder replaces a career diplomat who specialized in Central and Eastern Europe.” Puzder was the CEO of Hardee’s.

35. Trump signed an executive order offering reinstatement and back pay to all 8,000 US service members who were discharged by the Biden Admin for refusing to get vaccinated.

36. Brazil was outraged that 88 immigrants deported from the US arrived in their country by plane in handcuffs and leg shackles, calling it a “flagrant disregard” for their rights. The Justice Ministry said that passengers were subjected to “degrading treatment” and demanded that handcuffs and shackles be removed immediately when the plane landed. Edgar Da Silva Moura, a computer tech who was one of the immigrants on the flight: “On the plane they didn’t give us water, we were tied hands and feet, they wouldn’t even let us go to the bathroom. It was very hot, some people fainted.”

37. The Trump admin directed officials to stop extending the status of immigrants from Ukraine with pending asylum claims, as well as Afghans who were evacuated during and after the US withdrawal. Immigration lawyer Aaron Reichlin-Melnick: “This confirms that USCIS is no longer granting re-parole to Ukrainians who came through the Uniting for Ukraine program or Afghans who were evacuated after the fall of Kabul. Many in the veteran community are furious at Trump’s decision to halt refugee flights for Afghans who worked with US forces in Afghanistan and who had to flee to US army bases to get processed for refugee status over the last couple years.”

38. The Trump Admin adopted a MAGA loyalty test in their written questionnaires to job applicants. They searched people’s social media accounts to see how active they were in the MAGA movement, applicants were required to provide all social media handles so their accounts can be reviewed, and they are asked to share their ‘MAGA revelation’ moment. One applicant said he even considered buying some of Trump’s crypto meme coin to demonstrate loyalty.

39. Kristi Noem made her first of many cosplay appearances for social media videos. She showed up in NYC in full tactical gear to cosplay an ICE agent right after she was sworn in as DHS Secretary: “I’m here in NYC this morning. We are getting the dirtbags off these streets.” Actress Heather Thomas: “So Kristi Noem got her face puffed up with filler and Botox, underwent hours of hair extension attachments, hired professional make-up and hair, strapped on her customized bulletproof vest, and filmed herself arresting a housekeeper.”

40. Trump ordered that fed grants, loans and payments to millions of Americans be frozen immediately so he can review them to determine if they were appropriate or were awarded because of DEI. This is money that was previously allocated by Congress. When asked how that doesn’t violate the 1974 Impound Control Act that was passed to prevent a president from doing exactly this, Karoline Leavitt responded: “WH Counsel believes that this is within the president’s power to do it, so he’s doing it.”

41. Long after the CA wildfires were out, Trump sent two DOGE staffers to order the Army Corps of Engineers to turn on water pumps: “The US military just entered the Great State of CA and, under Emergency Powers, TURNED ON THE WATER flowing abundantly from the Pacific Northwest, and beyond. The days of putting a Fake Environmental argument, over the PEOPLE, are OVER. Enjoy the water, CA!” CA Dept of Water Resources responded immediately: “The military did not enter CA. The fed govt restarted water pumps after they were offline for maintenance for 3 days. State water supplies in CA remain plentiful.” Fox: “US defense officials said they did not send troops to ‘turn on the water’ in CA, despite Trump’s claims overnight.”

42. Two whistleblowers filed a class action lawsuit against the admin alleging that incoming appointees were asked to collect detailed info on career civil servants who work under them, and for all the information be sent to Amanda Scales, who works personally for Musk. They said the email requesting the info was disguised to make it look like it was coming from the WH Office of Personal Management, but was actually being sent to Scales.

43. Immediately after a helicopter crashed into an airliner, Trump baselessly speculated that the Air Traffic Controller on duty must have been a DEI hire: “They put a big push to put diversity into the FAA. Brilliant people have to be in those positions when you have many planes coming in to one target.” He was asked what evidence he had that a diversity hiring caused this crash? “It just could have been. You have to go by brain power, you have to go by psychological quality. We want the brightest, smartest, sharpest, we want somebody that’s psychologically superior - and that’s what we’re going to have.”

44. Trump defended his admin’s illegal freeze of funding to programs across govt with this bizarre justification: “We identified and stopped $50 million being sent to Gaza to buy condoms for Hamas. And you know what's happened to them? They've used them as a method of making bombs.” The whole thing was a lie. No condoms were sent to Gaza. No money was sent to Gaza to buy condoms.

45. Trump announced he will be sending migrants to Gitmo: “I’m signing an Executive Order to instruct DOD and DHS to begin preparing the 30,000 person migrant facility at Guantanamo Bay. This will double our capacity immediately. That’s a tough place to get out of.” Pete Hegseth: “We don’t want criminal illegals on our soil - they need to go home. Using Gitmo will facilitate that. It’s the perfect location.” Immigration expert Aaron Reichlin-Melnick: “No one arrested in the US has EVER been sent to Guantanamo. It’s a first in American history and raises a ton of serious legal questions.”

46. Trump rescinded an 18-month extension of Temporary Protected Status for 300,000 Venezuelans. Trump-loving Rep. Maria Elvira Salazar, who represents a huge Venezuelan immigrant community in Miami: “Venezuela’s dictator Nicolas Maduro jails, beats, rapes, and kills anyone who speaks against him,” which is why she “supported TPS for Venezuelans fleeing political persecution.”

47. The Quakers sued the Trump Admin over a new DHS order that allowed ICE agents to enter churches to arrest suspected migrants. The DHS order ended a Biden-era policy that forbid ICE from entering so-called “protected” areas such as churches, hospitals, and schools: “The very threat of govt officials wearing ICE-emblazoned jackets outside of our religious service will have a significant impact on our communities and ability to practice our faith. Enforcement actions that stops people from entering our meeting house, or scares them from doing so, affects us personally, viscerally, emotionally, and theologically.”

48. RFK Jr at his confirmation hearing: Q - “Did you say that Lyme disease is highly likely a materially engineered bioweapon? RFK JR: I probably did say that. Q - Did you say that exposure to pesticides causes children to become transgender? RFK Jr: No, I never said that. Senator - I have the record that I’ll give to the chairman.” (He said it. On video). Q - Did you say that Covid was a genetically engineered bioweapon that targets Black and White people, but spared Ashkenazi Jews and Chinese people? RFK Jr: “I just quoted a published study.”

49. Karoline Leavitt invited right-wing podcasters and grifters into the WH briefing room: “We’re also opening up this briefing room to new media voices who produce news-related content and whose outlet is not already represented by one of the seats in this room. We welcome independent journalists, podcasters, social media influencers, and content creators to apply for credentials to cover this WH.” Alex Jones announced that he was invited to be one of the new WH correspondents by Leavitt.

50. Elon Musk offered a buyout to all 2 million employees of the fed govt where they would get 8 months if they would permanently resign their positions. WaPo reported the scheme to gut the fed workforce blindsided Trump advisers who were completely unaware the memo was sent out to all federal employees, and were surprised that key agency officials at the Budget and Personnel offices were not consulted.

51. Musk installed two of his young disciples in key positions in the WH Office of Personnel Management. One is a 21 year old who worked for Peter Thiel who was given the job as Senior Advisor to the OPM Director. The other Senior Advisor is 18 years old and graduated high school in 2024. His listed prior work experience was a camp counselor and bicycle mechanic.

52. Pete Hegseth launched an investigation of Mark Milley because he called his counterpart in China after J6 to assure him there would be a peaceful transfer of power: “If you actively undermine the chain of command - as Gen. Milley did under the previous Trump Admin - we are going to review those actions. Accountability is BACK.” He also removed the official portrait of Trump’s former Secretary of Defense Mark Esper from the Pentagon on the same day.

53. Trump’s DOJ dropped all pending federal campaign finance fraud charges against former Republican Congressman Jeff Fortenberry.

54. USDA IG Phyllis Fong, who was with the dept for 22 years, was escorted out of her office by security agents after she refused to comply with her termination. Fong sent an email to colleagues that she was protesting in this manner because the Council of the IGs “has taken the position that these termination notices do not comply with the requirements set out in law and therefore are not effective at this time.”

55. Trump launched his global trade war with an announcement that 25% tariffs will be imposed on imports from Canada and Mexico, and 10% additional tariffs on China. But he was just getting started. He was asked why he was doing this since he promised Americans that he would lower prices: “Tariffs don’t cause inflation. Tariffs cause success. There could some temporary short term disruption. And people understand that.”

56. WaPo reported that Musk forced the resignation of FAA Administrator Mike Whitaker on Trump’s first day in office. The FAA was about to fine Musk's company SpaceX $630,000 for violations related to its launches, and Musk threatened to sue the FAA for "regulatory overreach." Sen. Tim Kaine: "Trump let Musk force the resignation of the FAA Administrator. He disbanded an aviation safety committee within DHS. He's got an anti-safety agenda.”

57. David Lebryk, the highest-ranking career official at the Treasury Dept, was forced to resign after he refused Musk’s demand that he gain access to sensitive payment systems that disperse trillions of dollars every year. Lebryk has served in non-political roles in the Treasury Dept since 1989 and was considered a consummate nonpolitical civil servant.

58. Musk then locked career civil servants out of computer systems that contain the personal data of millions of federal employees, and senior career employees at the Office of Personnel Management have had their access revoked to some of the dept's data systems.

59. Sean Duffy sent out a memo to give priority grant funding to parts of the country with higher marriage and birth rates than the national avg. The memo states that DOT will give “preference” for grant funding to “communities with with marriage and birth rates higher than the national avg.” A DOT official to HuffPost: “Considering fertility rates when prioritizing fed grants? We obviously have no idea what the full impact of that will be. It’s absolutely creepy. It’s a little like the Chinese govt. I don’t know where else I’ve seen a policy of ‘we need to incentivize baby-making.’”

60. Trump’s DOJ ended a criminal investigation of TN Rep. Andy Ogles right after he introduced a bill in Congress to amend the Constitution to allow Trump to run for a 3rd term.

61. Trump fired every FBI agent who was assigned to work on J6 cases. The FBI Agents Assn: “These outrageous actions are fundamentally at odds with the law enforcement objectives. Dismissing hundreds of Agents will severely weaken the Bureau’s ability to protect the country from national security and criminal threats and will ultimately risk setting up the Bureau and its new leadership for failure.”

62. FCC Chair Brendan Carr ordered an investigation of NPR and PBS, with the stated goal to end federal funding for both orgs: "I am concerned that NPR and PBS broadcasts could be violating fed law by airing commercials. I do not see a reason why Congress should continue sending taxpayer dollars to NPR and PBS given the changes in the media marketplace.”

63. The Pentagon repealed a Biden-era policy that allowed military members to travel to get abortions and have their expenses paid if they were stationed in a state where abortion had been banned.

FEBRUARY 2025

64. Trump posted about his stunt to release water in CA long after the wildfires, and nowhere near LA: “Photo of beautiful water flow that I just opened in CA. Today, 1.6 billion gallons and, in 3 days, it will be 5.2 billion gallons. Everybody should be happy about this long fought Victory!” Water scientist Peter Gleick: “I don’t know where this water is going, but this is the wrong time of year to be releasing water from these reservoirs. It’s vitally important that we fill our reservoirs in the rainy season so water is available for farms and cities later in the summer.” Water consultant Dan Vink: “This is going to hurt farmers. This takes water out of their summer irrigation portfolio.”

65. Scott Bessent gave Musk access to the Treasury’s payments system. WaPo: “The sensitive systems control disbursement of over $6 trillion a year in fed funds. Tens of millions of people across the country rely on the systems. They are responsible for paying Social Security and Medicare benefits, salaries for fed personnel, payments to govt contractors and grant recipients, and tax refunds, among tens of thousands of other functions. Typically, only a small group of career employees control the payment systems, and former officials have said it is extremely unusual for anyone connected to political appointees to access them.”

66. Reuters reported that lawyers at the Securities Exchange Commission have been told they now need to seek permission from the politically appointed leadership before beginning any new investigations.

67. JD Vance reiterated that the admin was determined to take over Greenland: “It’s really important to our national security. Denmark is not being a good ally. If that means that we need to take more territorial interest in Greenland, that is what President Trump is going to do because he doesn't care about what the Europeans scream at us.”

68. USAID officials were put on leave after they tried to stop Musk from accessing their agency’s computer systems. Musk’s team threatened to call the police after they were refused access the security and personnel files. Musk then posted on X: “USAID was a viper’s nest of radical-left marxists who hate America.”

69. Musk then locked USAID staffers out of their building: “It became apparent that it’s not just an apple with a worm it in. What we have is just a ball of worms. You’ve got to basically get rid of the whole thing. It’s beyond repair.” He was asked if he got Trump’s approval first: “I checked with him a few times. ‘Are you sure?’ Yes, we’re shutting it down. He agreed we should shut it down.”

70. Rep. John Olszewski on an initial consequence of Musk shutting down USAID: “Prison guards overseeing thousands of ISIS combatants in Syria walked off the job after their pay was frozen until a waiver was thrown together after the fact. Let me say that again, prison guards overseeing thousands of ISIS combatants walked off the job.”

71. Trump’s US Attorney for DC Ed Martin threatened to prosecute people after Musk’s secret DOGE staff members were identified in a story. He wrote to Musk: “I recognize that some of the staff at DOGE has been targeted publicly. Any threats, confrontations, or other actions in any way that impact their work may break numerous laws. Let me assure you of this: we will pursue any and all legal action against anyone who impedes your work.”

72. NPR identified dozens of J6 defendants that Trump pardoned who had prior convictions or pending charges for rape, sexual abuse of a minor, domestic violence, manslaughter, production of child sexual abuse material and drug trafficking.

73. Right-wing white nationalist Darren Beattie was appointed as senior spokesperson for the State Dept. Beattie is the first one who launched conspiracies that the FBI instigated J6, and claimed that Kamala Harris was somehow involved with the pipe bomber. This was one of Beattie’s posts on X: “Competent white men must be in charge if you want things to work. Unfortunately, our entire national ideology is predicated on coddling the feelings of women and minorities, and demoralizing competent white men.”

74. Trump was asked why he was sending Marco Rubio to the Panama Canal: “We’re gonna take it back, or something very powerful is going to happen.”

75. Trump said the US is going to occupy Gaza at a joint press conference with Netanyahu: “The US will take over the Gaza Strip - and we will do a good job with it too. We’ll own it. We’ll level the site.” He then said we are going to go in there and develop it with new properties. When asked by a reporter if he was talking about a permanent occupation of Gaza by the US: “I do see a long-term ownership position” for the US.

76. Ed Martin posted an update on his investigation of media outlets who identified DOGE employees: “We will investigate them and we will chase them to the end of the Earth to hold them accountable. We will not rest or cease in this. No one is above the law. I am proud that we have been able to assist local law enforcement in protecting the DOGE workers.” Musk: “Don’t mess with DOGE.”

77. Trump nominated right-wing podcaster Sean Parnell to be Pete Hegseth’s Chief Pentagon spokesperson. Trump endorsed Parnell for Senate in PA in 2022, but he dropped out of the race when he lost custody of his children after his wife testified in court that Parnell abused her and their children by choking her and pinning her down, and also struck one of their children in a fit of rage.

78. Trump said that he wants other countries to start housing our prison inmates, and President Nayib Bukele of El Salvador accept the offer to put them in his concentration camp: "We have offered the US the opportunity to outsource part of its prison system. We are willing to take in convicted criminals (including convicted US citizens) into our mega-prison CECOT in exchange for a fee. The fee would be relatively low for the US but significant for us, making our entire prison system sustainable."

79. Karoline Leavitt on the Trump admin’s plan to dismantle and ultimately abolish the Dept of Education: “As a mother of a child, I want an education system that helps my child read, write and teaches him math and nothing else in the classroom.”

80. AG Pam Bondi dismantled the DOJ's foreign bribery unit’s ability to investigate and monitor foreign interference in US elections.

81. Bondi also eliminated DOJ’s Kleptocracy Initiative, which seized Russian oligarchs' yachts, planes and real estate pursuant to sanctions. Bradley Hope: “The units recovered billions in stolen assets since 2010. But here's the real story: Sources say a key objective is gaining control of a multi-billion dollar forfeiture fund - money seized from corrupt officials that was meant to be returned to victim countries. Where's that money headed?

82. Harris County (TX) DA arrested Andrew Taake for an outstanding warrant for online solicitation of sex with a minor. Taaka was incarcerated for unrelated crimes he committed on J6, but when Trump pardoned him he was released by the federal Bureau of Prisons despite the active warrant.

83. Trump announced he wanted Ukraine’s commodities in exchange for further aid to defend itself against Russian aggression: "One of the things we're looking at with Zelensky is having the security of their assets. They have assets underground. Rare early and other things. But primarily rare earth. Really, we want security."

84. FCC Chair Brendan Carr opened an investigation of KCBS after it shared locations and vehicle descriptions of ICE officials: “We have sent a letter of inquiry, a formal investigation into that matter, and they have just a matter of days left to respond to that inquiry and explain how this could possibly be consistent with their public interest obligations.” David Loy, with First Amendment Coalition: “Law enforcement operations, immigration or otherwise, are matters of public interest. People generally have the right to report this on social media and in print. So it’s very troubling because it’s possible the FCC is potentially being weaponized to crack down on reporting that the admin simply just doesn’t like.”

85. Musk announced he was cutting NIH funding for cancer research and other public health research. Gary Marcus, one of the US’s leading experts on neuroscience: “Drastically cutting NIH & NSF funding and reducing grant ‘overhead’ to 15% are among the dumbest ideas I have ever seen. America will never be the same. Science will take a huge hit; academic stars will leave; university reputations will crumble, and homegrown talent will be even harder to find. Asia and Europe will profit.”

86. Trump Budget Director Russ Vought announced he was eliminating the Consumer Financial Protection Act by starving the agency of funding: “I have notified the Federal Reserve that CFPB will not be taking its next draw of unappropriated funding because it is not ‘reasonably necessary’ to carry out its duties.” Before Vought made that announcement, Musk posted on X: ‘RIP CFPD’ with a grave headstone emoji. CFPD’s website was also taken down.

87. Trump announced on Truth Social that he is making himself the Chairman of the Kennedy Center and firing the Board: “At my direction, we are going to make the Kennedy Center GREAT AGAIN. I have decided to immediately terminate multiple individuals from the Board of Trustees, including the Chairman, who do not share our Vision for a Golden Age in Arts and Culture. We will soon announce a new Board, with an amazing Chairman, DONALD J. TRUMP!”

88. Trump issued an executive order stating that the US will only honor asylum claims from one group of people on earth - white South Africans: “The US shall not provide aid or assistance to South Africa. The US shall promote the resettlement of Afrikaner refugees escaping govt-sponsored race-based discrimination.” The order then says that the Sect of State shall “prioritize admission and resettlement through the US Refugee Admissions Program for Afrikaners in South Africa.”

89. Rubio’s new spokesman at the State Dept Darren Beattie responded to a shooting in Atlanta that involved Black people by saying that the govt should provide incentives for them to be sterilized. His post on X: “When a population gets feral, a little snip snip keeps things in control. Could offer incentives - Air Jordans, etc.”

90. Trump issued an executive order directing DOJ to pause enforcing the 1977 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits American companies and foreign firms from bribing officials of foreign govts to obtain or retain business. CNBC: “The FCPA’s intent is in part to prevent American firms from fueling rampant public corruption that undermines the rule of law in many parts of the world. Over time, the FCPA’s rules have grown into bedrock principles of how US businesses operate overseas. The law barred Americans from paying bribes to foreign officials.”

91. Trump issued an executive order reversing Biden’s ban on bank overdraft fees, and another which prevented medical debt from being used to negatively affect credit reports.

92. Trump announced a 25% tariff on all steel and aluminum coming into the US from any other country: "Any steel coming into the US is going to have a 25% tariff. Aluminum, too."

93. Trump was asked about his plan for Gaza: Q - “Does your commitment to rebuilding Gaza extend beyond your time in office? Trump: I’m committed to buying and owning Gaza. As far as us rebuilding it, we may give it to other states in the Middle East to build sections of it. There’s nothing to move back into—the place is a demolition site. The remainder will be demolished.”

94. Trump pardoned former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich, 5 years after commuting his 14-year prison sentence for 18 felony counts, including his attempt to sell the appointment to Barack Obama’s former Senate seat in exchange for $1 million.

95. Steve Bannon made a deal with Trump’s DOJ to resolve his pending charges arising out of his border wall scam. Bannon received no punishment or jail time. He bilked millions from MAGA donors promising to use it to finish the border wall, but pocketed most of the money.

96. Trump’s DOJ instructed the US Attorney in NY to drop all charges against NYC Mayor Eric Adams. Republican Danielle Sassoon, the interim US Attorney in charge of the case, resigned after refusing to drop the charges after DOJ Dep AG Emil Bove demanded it. Sassoon wrote a scathing 8-page letter to Bondi, explicitly outlining how Adams’s attorneys proposed “what amounted to a quid pro quo” where Adams promised to assist with ICE deportations “only if the indictment were dismissed.”

97. Karoline Leavitt was asked about AP reporters being banned from events because they continue to use ‘Gulf of Mexico’ instead of ‘Gulf of America’ in their articles: “I was very up front in my briefing on day one that if we feel that there are lies being pushed by outlets in this room, we are going to hold those lies accountable. And it is a fact that the body of water off the coast of Louisiana is called the Gulf of America.”

98. Senate Armed Services Chair Roger Wicker on Hegseth’s disastrous speech to the NATO summit in Europe: “He wasn’t my choice for the job. He made a rookie mistake in Brussels and he’s walked back some of what he said. I don’t know who wrote the speech - it is the kind of thing Tucker Carlson could have written, and Carlson is a fool. There are good guys and bad guys in this war, and the Russians are the bad guys. They invaded, contrary to almost every international law, and they should be defeated.”

99. The Trump admin fired more than 300 employees of the National Nuclear Security Admin, then reversed course after backlash 24 hours later and reinstated them. The NNSA has oversight of nuclear power and nuclear weapons. CNN reported that some of the fired employees included NNSA staff oversee the contractors who build nuclear weapons are built, and inspect the weapons. A source said the critical employees were stupidly fired because “no one has taken any time to understand what we do and the importance of our work to the nation’s national security.”

100. WaPo: “After JD Vance met with the co-leader of Germany’s far-right AfD party, one German expert here in Munich said: ‘First, America de-Nazified Germany. Now, America is re-Nazifying Germany.’” Rep. Dan Goldman: “The AfD is the neo-Nazi party. Musk and now Vance have shown strong support for the AfD in the run-up to German elections.”

